docs/lancaster/plane.md, before:

## Wing brackets

Start by fixing the left and right wing brackets onto the fuselage.

Keep all screw heads on the same same side and fit all screws before tightening any of them up - this ensures they all fit into their holes.

Start with 1 screw at either end to make things easy.

![1](photos/1.jpeg)

All of the plane components are fixed with M6x16mm screws, the washer should be place behind the nylock nut as shown:

![6](photos/6.jpeg)

You'll need a 4mm hex key and a 10mm spanner or socket to tighten them up.

![2](photos/2.jpeg)

![3](photos/3.jpeg)

Fit the remaining 4 bolts, then tighten them all up together.

!!!Tip
    It's not neccesary, but if you have access to a bench vice, it'll make assembly a little easier. 

![8](photos/8.jpeg)

## Wings

Turn the plane fuselage upside down.

![10](photos/10.jpeg)

Place the wings on the wing brackets so the propeller tabs face the front of the fuselage and the wing/fuselage screw holes line up.

![11](photos/11.jpeg)

![12](photos/12.jpeg)

Fit all 8x screws loose before tightening them up.

![15](photos/15.jpeg)

Next we'll fit the mounting bracket. 

!!!Danger "BE AWARE"
    Ensure the 10mm hex bolt is fitted as per the below photo. We need to fit this before attaching it to the plane - the bolt won't fit after the bracket is installed.

![16](photos/16.jpeg)

![17](photos/17.jpeg)

![20](photos/20.jpeg)

You may need to squeeze the bracket in slightly to get all the holes to line up. This is normal. Start with two screws in one side first.

![21](photos/21.jpeg)

## Tails

With the plane still upside down, we'll fit the tail brackets and fins.

The flange should point down, and the flat portion of the fin should be at the rear of the plane.

![24](photos/24.jpeg)

![26](photos/26.jpeg)

![27](photos/27.jpeg)

Once the tail brackets have been fitted, we can fit the fins.

![28](photos/28.jpeg)

![29](photos/29.jpeg)

![30](photos/30.jpeg)

## Engines

Keeping the plane upside down, we will fit all four plane engines.

Ensure the long edge is central with the propeller flange.

![31](photos/31.jpeg)

![32](photos/32.jpeg)

![33](photos/33.jpeg)

![34](photos/34.jpeg)

## Propellers

Finally, we'll fit the propellers.

The propellers use M8 hardware, so you'll need your 5mm hex key and 2x 13mm spanners to tighten these up.

![35](photos/35.jpeg)

Place the M8x30mm screw into the brass bushing so the screw head is against the large flat section of the bushing.

Then add the plain M8 nut, nip it hand tight against the bushing. Then add a washer - now it's ready to go into the wing.

![36](photos/36.jpeg)

![37](photos/37.jpeg)

Add a second washer and a nylock nut onto the rear side.

![38](photos/38.jpeg)

Using a spanner on the nylock nut and the 5mm hex key, tighten the screw so that plain nut and the nylock nut are tight against the wing tab.

Check the propeller - **at this point it should not move**.

Now using your second 13mm spanner, tighten both the plain and nylock nuts together - just enough so that the propeller can spin freely.

![39](photos/39.jpeg)

![40](photos/40.jpeg)

## Next steps

Next, you'll assemble the [bracket](bracket.md)

Commit message:

Addition of cleaning info and updated prop gif

docs/lancaster/plane.md, after:

## Wing brackets

Start by fixing the left and right wing brackets onto the fuselage.

Keep all screw heads on the same same side and fit all screws before tightening any of them up - this ensures they all fit into their holes.

Start with 1 screw at either end to make things easy.

![1](photos/1.jpeg)

All of the plane components are fixed with M6x16mm screws, the washer should be place behind the nylock nut as shown:

![6](photos/6.jpeg)

You'll need a 4mm hex key and a 10mm spanner or socket to tighten them up.

![2](photos/2.jpeg)

![3](photos/3.jpeg)

Fit the remaining 4 bolts, then tighten them all up together.

!!!TIP
    It's not neccesary, but if you have access to a bench vice, it'll make assembly a little easier. 

![8](photos/8.jpeg)

## Wings

Turn the plane fuselage upside down.

![10](photos/10.jpeg)

Place the wings on the wing brackets so the propeller tabs face the front of the fuselage and the wing/fuselage screw holes line up.

![11](photos/11.jpeg)

![12](photos/12.jpeg)

Fit all 8x screws loose before tightening them up.

![15](photos/15.jpeg)

Next we'll fit the mounting bracket. 

!!!Danger "BE AWARE"
    Ensure the 10mm hex bolt is fitted as per the below photo. We need to fit this before attaching it to the plane - the bolt won't fit after the bracket is installed.

![16](photos/16.jpeg)

![17](photos/17.jpeg)

![20](photos/20.jpeg)

You may need to squeeze the bracket in slightly to get all the holes to line up. This is normal. Start with two screws in one side first.

![21](photos/21.jpeg)

## Tails

With the plane still upside down, we'll fit the tail brackets and fins.

The flange should point down, and the flat portion of the fin should be at the rear of the plane.

![24](photos/24.jpeg)

![26](photos/26.jpeg)

![27](photos/27.jpeg)

Once the tail brackets have been fitted, we can fit the fins.

![28](photos/28.jpeg)

![29](photos/29.jpeg)

![30](photos/30.jpeg)

## Engines

Keeping the plane upside down, we will fit all four plane engines.

Ensure the long edge is central with the propeller flange.

![31](photos/31.jpeg)

![32](photos/32.jpeg)

![33](photos/33.jpeg)

![34](photos/34.jpeg)

## Propellers

Finally, we'll fit the propellers.

The propellers use M8 hardware, so you'll need your 5mm hex key and 2x 13mm spanners to tighten these up.

![35](photos/35.jpeg)

Place the M8x30mm screw into the brass bushing so the screw head is against the large flat section of the bushing.

Now add the plain M8 nut, nip it hand tight against the bushing, then add a washer - now it's ready to go into the wing.

![36](photos/36.jpeg)

![37](photos/37.jpeg)

Add a second washer and a nylock nut onto the rear side.

![38](photos/38.jpeg)

Using a spanner on the nylock nut and the 5mm hex key, tighten the screw so that the plain nut and the nylock nut are tight against the wing tab.

Check the propeller - **at this point it should not move**.

Now using your second 13mm spanner, tighten both the plain and nylock nuts together - just enough so that the propeller can spin freely.

![PropBoltingGif](photos/PropBolting.gif)

Repeat these steps for all four propellers.

**Then that's it! The plane assembly is complete.**

![40](photos/40.jpeg)

## Next steps

Next, you'll assemble the [bracket](bracket.md)
