docs/lancaster/unbox.md, before:

Start by removing all of the components within the cardboard box. 

![Layflat](photos/Layflat.jpeg)

The box should containn:

- 1x Fuselage
- 2x Wing Brackets
- 2x Wings
- 2x Tail Brackets
- 2x Tail Fins
- 2x Small Engines
- 2x Large Engines
- 4x Propellers (with olite brass bushes pre-installed)
- 1x Bag containing all M6 stainless fixings
    - 40x M6x16mm Socket Button Screws
    - 40x M6 Nyloc Locking Nuts
    - 40x M6 Flat Washers
- 1x Bag containing M8 and M10 stainless fixings
    - 4x M8x30mm Socket Button Screws
    - 8x M8 Flat Washers
    - 4x M8 Plain Nuts
    - 4x M8 Nyloc Locking Nuts
    - 1x M10x25mm Hex Head Screws
    - 2x M10 Flat Washer
    - 1x M10 Nyloc Locking Nut
- 1x Bag containing wall mount fixings
    - 6x 5x40mm Posi-Drive stainless Screws
    - 6x 6mm Wall Plugs

!!!Tip
    It's useful to empty the fixgings into containers for easier access during assembly!

    ![Fixings](photos/Fixings.jpeg)

## Missing something?

[Reach out](https://lincslabs.co.uk/pages/contact), we'll make it right.

## Next steps

Next, you'll assemble the [plane](plane.md)

Commit message:

Addition of cleaning info and updated prop gif

docs/lancaster/unbox.md, after:

Start by removing all of the components within the cardboard box. 

![Layflat](photos/Layflat.jpeg)

The box should contain:

- 1x Fuselage
- 2x Wing Brackets
- 2x Wings
- 2x Tail Brackets
- 2x Tail Fins
- 2x Small Engines
- 2x Large Engines
- 4x Propellers (with olite brass bushes pre-installed)
- 1x Wall bracket
- 1x Pivot mount
- 1x Bag containing all M6 stainless fixings
    - 40x M6x16mm Socket Button Screws
    - 40x M6 Nyloc Locking Nuts
    - 40x M6 Flat Washers
- 1x Bag containing M8 and M10 stainless fixings
    - 4x M8x30mm Socket Button Screws
    - 8x M8 Flat Washers
    - 4x M8 Plain Nuts
    - 4x M8 Nyloc Locking Nuts
    - 1x M10x25mm Hex Head Screws
    - 2x M10 Flat Washer
    - 1x M10 Nyloc Locking Nut
- 1x Bag containing wall mount fixings
    - 6x 5x50mm Posi-Drive stainless Screws
    - 6x 6mm Wall Plugs

!!!Tip
    It's useful to empty the fixgings into containers for easier access during assembly!

    ![Fixings](photos/Fixings.jpeg)

## Surface Marks and Cleaning

You may notice light scratch marks, burn marks, or a protective oil coating on the aluminium parts. **These are completely normal and easy to clean.** They happen as part of the laser cutting and bending process during manufacturing.

To clean off the burn marks and protective oil coating, use a sponge with warm, soapy water.

To polish out the scratch marks, use a brillio-pad or scotch brite.

![Clean1](photos/Clean1.jpeg)
![Clean2](photos/Clean2.jpeg)
![Clean3](photos/Clean3.jpeg)

![Oil1](photos/Oil1.jpeg)
![Oil2](photos/Oil2.jpeg)
![Oil4](photos/Oil4.jpeg)

## Missing something?

[Reach out](https://lincslabs.co.uk/pages/contact), we'll make it right.

## Next steps

Next, you'll assemble the [plane](plane.md)
